README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="/media/images/logo.png" alt="Fun Coupon Analyzer"/>
</p>

Description
===

The framework required for obtaining and manipulating stock market data. It's sole purpose is to look for content 
written about stock tickers. It then determines the overall sentiment towards the company as well as suggesting 
potential upcoming investment opportunities.

Cool, but [how does it work?](#how-does-it-work)

Setup
====

Run the following commands in the root of the project, Ensure node and gulp is installed.
Don't have it or not sure? 

* [Node Download](https://nodejs.org/download/)
* [gulp npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-install), Don't have time to read? Run this in the command line `npm install --save gulp-install`

```
$ npm install
$ gulp
```

how does it work?
===

* Running gulp will run and set up a local web server located at `http://localhost:3000`. This is where we will be basing
all of our routes on.

* `server.json` is our main file, it's where the magic happens. The sole purpose of this file is to set up actions to run
when certain urls are hit. Our example of `/v1/scrape/{{ticker}}` ex. `http://localhost:3000/v1/scrape/mjna`

* After we have navigated to that url, we can see inside the function that we call  `funCouponAnalyzer.init(ticker)`, 
the ticker variable was passed as the third segment of the url ( in our case that is MJNA ). After we call init we are now 
at the fun part. We load a json config file located at `config/tickers/mjna.json`, notice the file is named the same as our ticker.
Coincidence? I think not, This is where we store our ticker specific content. 

* After we load our config for the specific ticker as well as our base config file, we are now able to run a scrape 
`funCouponAnalyzer.scrapeThread()` which loads in our base url we set in our ticker config. Scrapes the page, traverses the dom and
populates a json object with our results. We also run the content we pulled through a sentiment analysis library.
We then look for the next button and check to see if it is a link. If it is a link we know that we are not on the last page 
of the forum and we need to continue going until we turn blue in the face or we get to the end! ( I'm glad we don't have to do this
manually )

Routes
===
`/v1/scrape/{{ticker}}`

Reference Resources
===
Chart 
* http://d3js.org/

String time to timestamp 
* http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11172568/javascript-converting-human-time-to-timestamp
* http://www.sitepoint.com/15-best-javascript-charting-libraries/

Sentiment Analysis
* http://blog.mashape.com/list-of-20-sentiment-analysis-apis/
* http://api.sensebot.net/


Credits
===
* Logo by m. turan ercan from the Noun Project

Commit message:

updated README added _sample.json for our config

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="/media/images/logo.png" alt="Fun Coupon Analyzer"/>
</p>

Description
===

The framework required for obtaining and manipulating stock market data. It's sole purpose is to look for content 
written about stock tickers. It then determines the overall sentiment towards the company as well as suggesting 
potential upcoming investment opportunities.

Cool, but [how does it work?](#how-does-it-work)

Setup
====

Run the following commands in the root of the project, Ensure node and gulp is installed.
Don't have it or not sure? 

* [Node Download](https://nodejs.org/download/)
* [gulp npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/gulp-install), Don't have time to read? Run this in the command line `npm install --save gulp-install`

```
$ npm install
$ gulp
```

Sample output after running gulp

```
[22:09:59] Using gulpfile ~/path/to/your/project/gulpfile.js
[22:09:59] Starting 'start'...
[22:09:59] Finished 'start' after 1.13 ms
[22:09:59] Starting 'default'...
[22:09:59] Finished 'default' after 4.98 μs
[22:09:59] [nodemon] v1.3.7
[22:09:59] [nodemon] to restart at any time, enter `rs`
[22:09:59] [nodemon] watching: *.*
[22:09:59] [nodemon] starting `node server.js`
Example app listening at http://0.0.0.0:3000
```



Scraping investorshub thread
===
After we have our server up and running we need to add a file in `config/tickers/`. You should see a few default ( as well as `_sample.json` ).
This will act as our template thread. First we create a file with whatever the tickers name is ( we will save the output file as this as well ).
Copy and paste over the template for `_sample.json`, update our `start` value by the message_id from the post in which we want to start our scrape.

ex.
We want to start our scrape from this url. Grab the message_id and put that in our newly created json file.
`http://investorshub.advfn.com/boards/read_msg.aspx?message_id=36882799`

how does it work?
===

* Running gulp will run and set up a local web server located at `http://localhost:3000`. This is where we will be basing
all of our routes on.

* `server.json` is our main file, it's where the magic happens. The sole purpose of this file is to set up actions to run
when certain urls are hit. Our example of `/v1/scrape/{{ticker}}` ex. `http://localhost:3000/v1/scrape/mjna`

* After we have navigated to that url, we can see inside the function that we call  `funCouponAnalyzer.init(ticker)`, 
the ticker variable was passed as the third segment of the url ( in our case that is MJNA ). After we call init we are now 
at the fun part. We load a json config file located at `config/tickers/mjna.json`, notice the file is named the same as our ticker.
Coincidence? I think not, This is where we store our ticker specific content. 

* After we load our config for the specific ticker as well as our base config file, we are now able to run a scrape 
`funCouponAnalyzer.scrapeThread()` which loads in our base url we set in our ticker config. Scrapes the page, traverses the dom and
populates a json object with our results. We also run the content we pulled through a sentiment analysis library.
We then look for the next button and check to see if it is a link. If it is a link we know that we are not on the last page 
of the forum and we need to continue going until we turn blue in the face or we get to the end! ( I'm glad we don't have to do this
manually )

Routes
===
`/v1/scrape/{{ticker}}`

Reference Resources
===
Chart 
* http://d3js.org/

String time to timestamp 
* http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11172568/javascript-converting-human-time-to-timestamp
* http://www.sitepoint.com/15-best-javascript-charting-libraries/

Sentiment Analysis
* http://blog.mashape.com/list-of-20-sentiment-analysis-apis/
* http://api.sensebot.net/


Credits
===
* Logo by m. turan ercan from the Noun Project
